Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
All right. Home sweet home.
Hey. The new poster. Huh.
What do you think?
- He looks mad, don't he?
Yeah. Because he knows you're going
home with that championship belt.
That's why he's mad.
Come on.
Let's get started, huh?
Get the heart going.
Hey. Eddie. What the hell
are you doing here?
You been here all night?
I must have fallen
asleep back there.
Jesus. I hope to hell
he didn't heave.
I'm not cleaning it up.
Hey. Lay off Eddie.
He's my good luck charm.
I wasn't much luck
five years ago.
That's ancient history, Eddie.
Here, man. Here's 10 bucks.
Why don't you grab yourself
some breakfast?
Something on a plate.
Not in a bottle.
Thanks, champ.
I'll put it on my tab.
Well, I'm not the champ, yet.
Yeah. Well, you will be.
And I wouldn't worry too much
about that fight next week.
He'll be sucking canvas.
I guarantee it.
You've just got to remember
two things. Lean into him!
Stay in his face!
And number two...
It's a jungle out there
Disorder and confusion
everywhere
No one seems to care
Well, I do
Hey, who's in charge here?
It's a jungle out there
Poison in the very
air we breathe
You know what's in the water
that you drink?
Well, I do
It's amazing
People think I'm crazy
'cause I worry
all the time
If you paid attention,
you'd be worried, too
You better pay attention
Or this world
we love so much
might just kill you
I could be wrong now
But I don't think so
'Cause there's
a jungle out there
It's a jungle out there
Thank you for coming.
Oh. You're redecorating?
Yeah. It's stolen art.
There's a rumor some guy
in the city has been
buying it all up.
We're supposed to keep an eye
out for it. Have a seat.
Oh. Is that why
you're calling us in?
I wish.
You used to be on the track
team in high school, right?
Yeah.
Do you still run?
Sometimes.
How often?
Never.
That's not very often.
No.
What's going on?
There is a private detective
in San Diego named Rafferty.
He works with the Homicide Squad
down there as a consultant.
A couple of weeks ago, they
were chasing down some creep,
and Rafferty
had a heart attack.
The creep gets away. Now,
Rafferty is suing the city.
The city is suing Rafferty.
It's a train wreck.
Okay. So, what does this have
to do with, you know, me?
This is from Sacramento.
It is a statewide directive.
Effective a week
from Monday.
Any civilian crime
scene field consultant
must pass a mandatory
fitness test.
Fitness test.
The California
Physical Agility Test.
The candidate must run a half
a mile in four minutes,
then climb ten
flights of stairs,
do 20 pull-ups, and then,
scale a six-foot-high wall.
Or...
There is no "or."
There's no "or"
on this page, Monk.
Either you pass this
fitness test,
or you can't
work here anymore.
Where did you get
that suit?
Kevin Dorfman.
It was a birthday gift.
I never thought I'd get
the chance to wear it.
What's so funny?
That girl over there.
She was just doing a funny dance.
Which one?
Um. In the green sweater.
She's stopped, now.
What kind of dance?
I don't know.
Like a cowboy dance.
A funny cowboy dance.
A cowboy dance?
Yeah. Like...
Yeah. That's not
a cowboy dance.
That's more like
a happy prospector.
Yeah, I guess you're right.
Why was she dancing like...
I don't know, Mr. Monk.
...a prospector?
She's from a ranch, probably.
Can we just forget that now
and get back to this?
All right? Come on. I have
to run half a mile in
four minutes, and I've
got to climb that fence,
do some pull-ups, and then
hit those stairs. Right?
Right. Okay. All right.
Here we go. Here we go.
On your mark!
Get set.
Go!
Oh, God!
Are you okay?
Yeah, don't stop the clock.
I can do this. Don't stop.
No, no, no. Just stay there.
Just stay there.
Don't get up.
God.
Hello? Yeah. No,
we're at the track.
Oh, my God.
We're on our way.
Wait, wait. Mr. Monk. There's
been a bombing downtown.
We have to go now.
Okay?
So, give me your hand.
Come on. Come on. Come on.
Here. Here, here.
One, two, three!
Okay.
Well, we found the detonator.
It's called a tembler switch.
It's what they use in airbags.
It's motion sensitive.
It's actually pretty
sophisticated.
The bomb was meant for me.
- Yes, sir.
Your schedule is well known.
You're always the
first one here.
The killer figured you'd be
the one hitting that bag.
Yeah, Mr. Regis.
Ray. Machine.
Do you have any enemies,
or have you received
any threats lately?
Not lately.
Five years ago, when I lost
the title, it seemed like
everybody wanted my head,
but...
That was a tough night.
I thought you had
him in the fifth.
Yeah. It wasn't my night.
Well, it's a tough racket.
I do a little boxing myself.
Light middleweight.
When did you box?
Remember the benefit for
the Police Athlete League?
I took Sergeant Mulroony
in nine rounds.
T.K.O. Left uppercut.
Stan Mulroony?
He retired 12 years ago.
We called him Pops.
Yeah, that's right.
He was older than me.
He was experienced.
He was wily.
He had a cane.
And he used it.
Captain.
Yeah. Anything?
A whole lot of nothing.
He wore gloves and slippers.
This guy was a ghost.
Is this the bag?
What's left of it.
The thread.
Sir?
When the killer put the
bomb back in the bag,
he sewed it up and
he licked that thread.
Do you see it's
all twisted up?
There should be
DNA all over that.
We'll check it out.
Can we start packing up?
Uh, no. Let's wait for Monk.
He should be here
in a minute.
Adrian Monk? The detective?
He's supposed to be the best.
The best of the best.
He's kind of like a superhero.
He's good,
but I wouldn't call him a superhero.
I guess I stand corrected.
Looks like a big plum.
How did it go?
It went good. You know.
It was our first day.
So, just warming up.
But he's going to do great.
Yeah. I went about 30 yards.
Did you hit a wall?
I wish I had.
It would have knocked
me unconscious.
Adrian Monk.
Ray "The Machine" Regis.
This is his manager,
Louie Flynn.
Mr. Monk. It's an honor.
Oh.
When I heard you were coming,
I said to myself,
"Okay. We're going to be okay.
We're in good hands.
"Because this guy, Monk,
will find Eddie's killer.
"He's like me. He's a fighter.
He'll never give up."
This is my last case.
This is not your last case.
You weren't there.
He looks like
a big, sad plum.
A half mile in four minutes?
No. That's just part of it.
It can't be done.
Yeah. People do it every day.
Not people my age.
That's not true.
Not people my age
with my body.
I knew I was getting old,
but when did I get too old?
Adrian, I think you're being
a little too hard on yourself.
I mean, you haven't run
in, what, 30 years?
Oh, well. It doesn't matter.
I can't do it.
Last night,
I made a decision.
I quit. It's over. I just...
I'm giving up.
Just like that?
Mmm-hmm.
You're giving up being a detective?
And any chance you'll
ever have of being reinstated?
Adrian. We haven't known
each other very long.
But I'm a pretty good
judge of character.
And I know one thing for sure.
You're no quitter.
Then, how do you
explain this? I quit.
Well, what would you do?
How would you pay the rent?
Welfare.
Welfare. That's your plan?
What about Natalie?
She's been depending on you.
What would she do?
Welfare.
We can be welfare buddies.
Adrian. Quitting is a terrible habit.
It's like a drug.
Once you start, it's almost
impossible to stop.
Besides, I'm not even sure
you're eligible for welfare.
You have to meet
certain criteria. You...
Do I have to run a half
a mile in four minutes?
No.
Then, I'll be fine.
There you go.
Hey. That's a nice mug.
Yeah. It was from my daughter.
But that mug is a lie.
I wasn't the
world's greatest dad.
She was the world's greatest
daughter, you know?
Rebecca. She died
five years ago.
Oh. I'm sorry.
Yeah. Well, life goes on.
And on. And on.
Hey. Where's your lady friend?
She's picking up her kid.
Mr. Flynn?
Have you ever seen this man?
Mmm-mmm. No.
We found some DNA.
Charles Bach. Bach?
They call him "The Iceman."
That doesn't sound good.
- Actually, it suits him.
He's a professional hit man.
The FBI thinks he's
killed 14 people.
It means that somebody
with some very deep pockets
has put a contract
out on your boy.
Now, you said you and Ray
don't have any enemies.
Do you want to
amend that statement?
No.
You know the Marino family,
Mr. Flynn? Frankie Marino?
Yeah. Just from
the newspapers.
Well, The Iceman
used to work for him.
You don't happen to owe Frank
Marino or anybody on his crew
any money, by any chance?
Hell, no. We are clean.
Ray is the clean machine.
You might want to think
about that, Lou.
Because this guy is not going
to stop. He's a machine, too.
We think he's going
to try again.
We're thinking Friday night.
You mean during the fight?
It would make sense.
We cannot protect him in the ring.
Are you telling me to
cancel the fight?
Forget about it!
We've been fighting five years
for another shot at the title!
Ray is doing his job! Why
the hell can't you do yours?
Monk, do you have anything?
No, I'm good.
What's this? Jesus.
Come here a minute.
Come here.
We just have a couple more
questions, Mr. Flynn.
Over here.
Okay.
What is this?
Application.
Monk, you're not going
on welfare.
If you go on welfare,
I will shoot you.
Good. I'll get more money,
won't I?
Why? Because you're out of
breath? Your knees ache?
So, that's it, huh?
After all these years,
you're just going to
walk away. Give up.
What would Trudy say?
No, let me rephrase that.
What is Trudy saying?
When I'm in the ring,
people expect me to sweat.
But here at home,
I'm supposed to be cool.
And sophisticated.
Thank you, Hobbes.
So, I use Max Deodorant.
To give B.O. The K.O.
It's still a little garbled.
Let's try the last line again.
So, I use Max Deodorant
to K.O. All my B.O.
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
I'm not used to
all these words.
Usually, I let my hands
do the talking.
Mr. M.
What you doing here?
Ray, we have to talk.
He's a little busy right now.
This spot has to be on the
air by September first.
This is all Louie's idea.
He said we should cash
in now while we can.
Yeah. It's important.
Can you give us a minute?
Okay. Fine. I guess we
need a break, anyway.
Who are... What's going on?
Hey. Hey. I can't believe
you're watching this again.
Who are you?
Who are you people?
This is a busted take.
We kept the camera rolling.
Who's that guy?
He owns the house.
That's his old lady.
She forgot to tell him we were
going to shoot there,
and he came home
and went postal.
Kept shouting,
threatening everybody.
I wouldn't want to go
12 rounds with that dude.
Okay. Playtime's over.
We'll be back in 10.
What's this?
You threw the fight, Ray.
Five years ago. The title fight.
Come on, man. You hear
stories all the time.
I had Natalie's daughter
do some research for me
on the worldwide Internet
computer web.
Don't worry. I didn't tell
her what it was for.
See? There's Louie Flynn.
See?
There he is again.
He's always wearing the same cross.
Okay. His mother
gave him that cross.
She said it was
blessed by the Pope.
He has a habit.
He tucks it under his shirt
whenever he's lying.
Here's the title fight.
You see? He's tucked it away.
Like he's ashamed of himself.
That doesn't prove
anything. Does it?
No. No.
But this does. This is from
what they call a website.
It's from a Swiss
medical journal.
Right after the title fight,
Louie's daughter
flew to Geneva
to have a series
of experimental operations.
It cost over two
million dollars.
So, where did he get
all that money, Ray?
Because your share of the
purse wouldn't have covered it.
You and Louie bet
against yourself.
And then,
you threw the fight.
Right?
She was dying.
This was her only chance.
She was so young.
The mob must have lost
a fortune on that fight.
If I could figure this out,
it's possible that
they did, too.
And that's why they
tried to kill you.
This is all my fault.
What happened to Eddie.
I was just hoping...
This Friday, if I won...
That I'd prove something...
At least, to myself.
They won't let me
fight now, right?
So, my life is over.
Maybe not.
I still haven't told anyone about this.
Not even Natalie.
Why not?
I thought about it.
You've been punishing yourself
for five years.
Maybe that's
punishment enough.
Thank you, Mr. Monk.
You're like an angel.
Oh, yeah.
If there's anything
I can do for you...
Well, now that
you mention it...
There is something.
Don't tell me to relax. He's
supposed to be dead by now.
He is dead.
He just doesn't know it.
Do you understand the
clock is ticking on this?
I told you it's under control.
He won't finish the fight.
Just make sure my
money is ready.
What? Hello? Let's go,
Mr. Monk! It's time!
Ray?
Are you all right?
You wanted my help, remember?
Quid pro quo!
Quid what, what, what?
Pro quo! I owe you, brother!
You gave me a second chance.
Now, I'm giving you one.
You're going to pass
that physical next week.
I guarantee it.
No. No, I didn't mean.
Here's the thing. This is
my first quid pro quo.
I didn't know they
started this early.
Oh, it ain't early.
It's 5:00 a.m.
I took the whole day off. Told
Louie I had to clear my head.
You know, after everything
that's happened.
Drink up.
What is it?
Don't ask.
Okay, but what is it?
It's called "Go Juice." Louie
invented it 20 years ago.
It's got every juice and herb you
can think of, all mixed together.
It makes you go.
Go, go, go, go,
go, go, go!
You're giving me
a laxative?
When I say go,
I mean like the wind.
Like the beast you were.
And will be again.
You are a beast. What are you?
A beast.
What are you?
I'm a beast.
Let's do this!
Take it. Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Hurts so good.
That's it. That's it.
Like a beast.
Bounce. Come up.
Do some clapping.
Like that.
Get up there. That's it right
there. Pick it up. All right.
That's it. Go. Nice. Nice.
You're doing great.
That's it. Get it down.
There you go. One more.
Oh, yeah.
There you go, Mr. M.
There you go. Come on. Come on.
Where you at?
There you go.
That's it. That's it.
Look at your balance.
I've got you. We've got you.
We've got you.
Knees up. Knees up.
Just bring it up.
Do it! Let me see you work!
Let me see the beast!
The beast is in you!
Faster!
Faster, Monk!
Come on, now!
I know you've got it!
You've got to dig deep!
Do you want it?
Hey! Do you want it?
Yeah.
Let me see that beast.
There he is.
Let me see you work. Yeah!
Looking good!
The beast is in you!
Let me see that beast!
Where's the beast?
Come on! Is that the beast
face? Look at the beast face.
Oh, you are a bad man!
You're a bad man!
Hello. I'm looking
for Frankie.
Who are you?
Johnny. It's okay.
The Captain and I are old friends.
"Friends" is a funny word.
I'm looking for Charles Bach.
Bach?
The Iceman?
He's been on your
payroll for 10 years?
You wearing a
wire, Lieutenant?
How about you?
No.
Okay. Let's talk.
Why did I just get undressed?
I don't know, Randy.
Everybody in the room is
wondering the same thing.
I haven't seen Charles
in three years.
Not since my trial.
I heard he went freelance.
Is this about the
fireworks at Lou's gym?
That's right.
There's a contract out on Ray Regis.
There was a lot of money in
play the last time he fought.
Some of it yours.
Frankie, you've been
known to hold a grudge.
Not this time.
There was some talk on the
street the fight might end...
Prematurely.
We moved some money around.
Adjusted the odds.
It was actually one of the
biggest paydays we ever had.
I got no beef
with Ray Regis.
I am trying to save
the kid's life.
I don't know very much.
Somebody was shopping
a contract.
I don't know who,
but it was serious.
He wanted it done
by the end of the month.
By the end of the month?
The fight's on Friday.
That's the 25th.
Why by the end of the month?
Weird, huh?
Yeah. Weird.
Very weird.
Get dressed, Randy.
Yeah! How did I do?
You finished.
That was the main thing.
You ran that whole half-mile.
Yeah, but...
How long? How long?
It was just a test run.
It don't really count.
Because it felt like
five minutes. Maybe...
Maybe six.
Between five and six.
Twenty-seven minutes? That's
not possible. It's not...
This thing is broken.
Well, you kept rearranging the
hurdles and touching
everything.
That stuff adds up.
I'll never do it...
Hey!
Never say never.
That's the worst swear
word there is.
You can do it
and you will do it.
The beast is in you.
You'll do it when you have to do it.
When it's crunch time,
you will reach down...
Deep down
and you will find it.
You're going to find it.
And hopefully, I will, too.
Concorde Suite.
Hello, boxing fans,
and welcome to the main event.
Five years in the making.
Ray "The Machine" Regis
looks to settle the score in
a rematch with the champion.
Carlos Geraldo. It's all
on the line tonight.
Mr. Monk, are you okay?
Oh, no.
This guy is a
contract killer.
We think he might already
be in the building.
He's here because somebody
wants Ray Regis
dead by the end
of the month.
The end of the month?
Why, why not tonight?
I asked myself
the same question.
I'm just telling you
what I know.
Keep your eyes open.
If you see him,
if you think you see him,
do not be a cowboy,
call it in. This guy is a pro.
He's not going easily.
Let's go.
Let's do it.
Hey, Bobby. Take a break,
will you?
How you doing?
I'm hungry.
Hungry, huh?
Yeah.
Good. You stay hungry.
So...
We both know you should have
come away with that belt
five years ago, right?
But, what you did.
I mean...
What we did, we did it
for Rebecca.
And now,
it's your turn, baby.
You are a champion.
You've always been a champion.
And after tonight...
Everybody's going to know it.
Excuse me. Mr. Regis?
This is Officer Chambers.
The police want somebody
with you during the fight.
No way. I don't know this guy.
Forget it.
I'm sorry, but you can't
go out there alone.
Captain Stottlemeyer's
orders.
Hello? Yeah.
He's right here.
It's Ray Regis.
Hello?
Uh-huh.
I understand.
Absolutely.
I'll be right there.
What's a corner man?
Ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome to the rematch
you've been waiting for!
Twelve rounds for the
greatest title in sports!
The B.F.C. World Championship!
In the red corner,
at 210 pounds,
the undisputed world
heavyweight champion,
the Duke of Destruction.
Carlos Geraldo!
And here
comes the champ.
You know, talking
to his trainers,
they say he's in the best
shape of his career.
And boy, I'd have to agree.
He looks terrific.
He's added a few pounds
since the first fight,
but that's intentional.
He might be heavier,
but he's stronger.
And in the blue corner,
at 202 pounds,
San Francisco's own
favorite son,
Ray "The Machine" Regis!
And just listen
to that reception.
Oh, there's so much
love for Ray Regis
here in the Bay Area.
Just go to a local watering
hole. Go to a local gym.
Talk to the people,
and they'll tell you
Ray has lost
absolutely nothing.
Now, these fans have been
waiting five years for
this moment. But there's a lot
of questions about Ray Regis.
That he's lost
his mental edge.
That he was psychologically
broken by his defeat.
That he'll never be the same.
But all these questions will
be answered tonight
in the ring in this highly
anticipated rematch.
Check this guy out!
A slight delay now,
as one of Regis' corner men
seems to be tangled up.
Come on, man!
Gentlemen? I want
you to touch gloves,
and let's have a
good, clean fight.
Okay. Okay. Punch him hard!
Punch him fast!
Just keep punching.
Okay. He knows. He knows.
He knows about punching.
What the hell are you doing?
Leave him alone.
There's
the bell for round one.
Regis comes out fast.
A hard left hand from Geraldo.
Another left jab. Oh, the
champion is toying with him.
Just taunting him.
- That's it.
There's more than
a heavyweight title
on the line tonight.
There's the pride of
two great fighters.
Regis, the former champion.
Geraldo,
the reigning champion.
A good start to this
much anticipated fight.
Both fighters feeling their
way, sizing each other up.
Now, they're tangled up.
The referee needs to get in there.
Break. Break.
There you go.
Ray Regis will not last long
if he allows Geraldo to
pound his body that way.
Help him. Do something.
Do something? What the hell?
Both of these fighters
are clearly in top shape.
Geraldo showing why
he's the champion.
He's really got
something to prove.
And there's the bell.
All right. Go for the ribs.
Don't let that
bastard breathe.
Go for the combination. Left,
right, left. Left, right.
You got that, baby.
You got it.
Or try this. Try this.
You're gonna win it, baby.
Left, left. Right, right.
Huh? Huh?
Left, left.
Don't listen to him!
Hit him with both
hands at the same time.
This is Round Two
and here comes Regis.
Ray in there early,
working that left jab.
Regis still working
that left hand.
And he needs to.
He's got to keep the champ
away from his body.
All right, baby. All right.
It's time to cold cock this baby, huh?
Put his lights out.
Put him to sleep. All right,
baby? You've got him.
Gotcha.
You've got him by the...
What the hell are you doing?
Hold on. They're not even.
Are you out of your
cotton-picking mind?
Get out of here!
Okay, Coach.
Back out for another round,
and Geraldo is in control.
But this should be a
big one for Ray Regis.
Ah, Regis scores with
a nice combination.
Mr. Monk!
You can't do that!
You can't be in there.
Get back!
One of Regis'
corner men is in the ring.
What's going
on over here?
What's going on here?
Sir? Get back.
Well, the ref
is stopping the action.
And Regis better be careful.
He doesn't want to get
disqualified at this point.
Again,
they're tied up.
Knock him on his butt!
And Geraldo's
worked his way back inside.
Oh. I think he stunned
the champion.
That's right!
Regis with the right hand
again! Another right!
And a flurry from Ray Regis
as the round ends!
Is he okay?
He's sweating like a pig.
He's supposed to sweat.
Now, what the hell
are you doing?
Stay here. Stay here.
Stay here?
Natalie.
Do you have any deodorant?
Deodorant?
For Regis.
It's perspiration problems.
No, Mr. Monk. Who cares?
Hurry up. Just get...
Hurry up!
The bell's about to ring.
Connie? They want us upstairs.
Skybox Number Five
didn't get their food.
Here.
Natalie.
Here!
What?
There.
Oh, my God.
We have to stop the fight.
No, no, no. We don't want to
give them a stationary target.
Call the Captain!
Oh, my God!
Oh, a solid combination.
And a couple of jabs!
Ray Regis will not back down!
Geraldo taking a lot
of punishment now.
And the crowd loves it!
Ray Regis has answered
the critics tonight.
Now, to the body! Oh!
Geraldo is hurt!
Geraldo's in trouble, folks!
Oh, another stinging jab!
And a big right hand!
Oh, Regis showing that
he hasn't lost a thing.
Geraldo's hands, on the
other hand, are sagging.
Oh, you can see the concern
in Geraldo's corner.
Geraldo taking a
lot of punishment.
And the crowd loves it!
Regis with a right hand
again and again!
All of Geraldo must be
praying for the bell to ring.
Regis wants a knockout,
but I don't think
there's enough time.
You got him, kid!
Oh, look out! Geraldo goes
down! Geraldo goes down!
Listen to this crowd!
The winner.
Drop it!
Congratulations, Ray Regis,
the world heavyweight
champion!
They'll be celebrating
in the Bay Area tonight.
Okay, thanks.
What?
You got up here so fast.
You got up here in,
like, 90 seconds.
That's impossible.
Oh, my God.
Do you still need this?
Oh, God.
It was him or us.
The sad thing is that we'll
never know who hired him.
So, I use Max Deodorant.
It's stolen art.
There's a rumor some
guy in the city's
been buying it all up.
We're supposed to keep
an eye out for it.
Everyone, get out!
Are you filming this?
Come on! Get...
Get out of here!
What... What are you...
Turn that thing off right now!
And get the hell
out of my house!
This spot has to be on the
air by September first.
He is here because
somebody wants
Ray Regis dead by
the end of the month.
We got him.
We got who?
The guy who wanted
Regis dead.
Remember the art gallery
you had on your wall?
Yeah.
They're authentic.
One was stolen nine years ago
from a gallery in Madrid.
And two are from
a museum in Venice.
He was worried that
somebody would
see the artwork on
TV and recognize it.
But he knew that if
Ray Regis were dead,
they would never
run the ad.
So, he hired that
terrible, terrible man.
Hey. Nice collection, Daniel.
Too bad none of it's yours.
Should have just kept
it all in the basement.
It's fine art, Lieutenant.
It's meant to be savored.
I never imagined
my bride would invite
a TV crew into my house
while I was out of
the country.
So, you didn't tell
her it was stolen.
In hindsight, maybe that's
something I should
have mentioned.
Yeah. Get him out of here.
Well, the guy went through
a lot of trouble for nothing.
I mean, nobody even watches
commercials anymore.
Is that right?
It's called TiVo, Mr. Monk.
People just zap right past it
to get to the good stuff.
That makes sense.
Oh, hey! Oh, yeah!
All right! Boom!
All right!
Hang on.
Hey. What are you doing?
Taking a break?
You think winning that
championship belt means
you can slack off, huh?
Winning the gold belt
was the easy part.
Keeping it is what's hard.
Yeah, okay.
I love you, too, Louie.
Uh-oh. Mr. M.
How did it go?
Ah. Was there ever
any doubt?
I am the beast.
He did everything. The wall,
the pull-ups, the run.
All under seven minutes.
And that includes touching
three mailboxes!
I am the champion of the world.
I am the roi du monde.
Looks like you've got some
competition, Ray.
Absolutely.
I see.
Absolutely. You may have met
your match, Machine.
Uh-oh.
Come on. Let's do this.
Because I ain't afraid of you.
Yeah, yeah, Mr. Monk.
You are afraid.
You're afraid of everything!
Not today.
Come on, champ. Let's see
what you're made of.
Try and tag me.
I don't want to tag you.
Why don't you let me
buy you a drink?
A drink?
Yeah.
A drink? I'll give you
a drink of this.
Oh. Mr. Monk, please
Come on, man.
Natalie.
Would you help me out?
Oh, my God. Mr. Monk.
Are you okay?
Don't worry. He's going
to be all right.
Oh, Jesus. Let's get
him home. My car is outside.
Come on, beast. Come on.
Come on, big man.
I ain't afraid of you.
I know you're not.
I the beast.
Yeah, yeah. You the beast.
Watch your head, now.
Watch your head, beast
Repair and Synchronization by
Easy Subtitles Synchronizer 1.0.0.0
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org